[meows]
Did I do it the right way?
Isn’t she the cutest?!
Cute? It’s an analogy of how
you affect your surroundings.
I know, right?
Huh?
It’s like cat ears are time...
and Shinomiya’s
how much you’ve wasted.
[yelps] You’re scaring me.
[narrator] A girl, her cat ears,
and the bond between them.
There are some things
in this world
that coexist
in a beautiful way.
Flowers and bees,
crocodiles and birds,
avocados and soy sauce.
‐ [meows]
‐ Cats.
The majority of people
are fond of them.
Schoolgirls, Shinomiya is,
by all accounts, one of those.
How will Shirogane react
to seeing this combination?
[Shirogane] She’s so cute!
[narrator]
It’s super effective.
[Japanese music playing]
[Shinomiya]
Is it really necessary
to cosplay
for the welcome party?
[Fujiwara] Of course it is!
French people cosplay
almost as much as we do here.
Also, it doesn’t need words.
What better way to overcome
the language barrier
and deepen our friendship
than with a shared passion?
I wish I knew.
Well, do you like the idea?
‐ So cute!
‐ [narrator] Oh, he likes it.
‐ To be honest...
‐ Eh?
‐ So stinkin’ cute!
‐ it’s not too bad.
This is bad.
My face tenses up like crazy
every time I look at her.
It’s fine. Just act normal.
Hmm?
‐ It’s like you’re possessed!
‐ [gasping]
[Shinomiya]
That wasn’t much of a reaction.
I suppose this sort of thing
just isn’t fitting
for someone like me.
It would probably
look a whole lot better
on a more lovable girl
like Fujiwara.
‐ [Shirogane] Why would I?
‐ [screams]
Here. You put some on too.
Meow.
Wow, how to put this?
You look weird.
Thanks for the honesty.
I appreciate it.
I should have known
I couldn’t pull this off.
[groans]
‐ Yeah, you really shouldn’t.
‐ [shuddering]
So cute! [shrieks]
[narrator] Cuteness!
[Shinomiya]
Why am I freaking out?
He’s just wearing a pair
of adorable cat ears!
[narrator] Some might not think
this look suits him,
but Kaguya begs to differ.
[Shinomiya] What should I do?
I want to stop smiling,
but I can’t.
‐ Hmm?
‐ The second he spots
my goofy grin, he’ll know
how cute I think he looks.
‐ Uh, you all right?
‐ [rattling]
Desperate times.
‐ [chomps]
‐ [winces]
Oh, yes. Thank you for asking.
[narrator]
Kaguya uses tongue bite.
[winces]
It...
wasn’t very effective.
Her smile’s not as big,
but it’s still there.
What’s with the smirk,
Shinomiya?
You have something you’d like
to say about my ears?
Your ears? Oh, no, not at all.
They suit you.
In a cutesy sort of way.
[Shirogane] So condescending!
Like she’s looking at a bug!
I may as well have put on
four extra legs.
I have an idea.
Let’s immortalize this
with a picture.
‐ Good thinking.
‐ [gasps]
We should preserve this moment
so future generations
can see what kind
of president he was.
[Shirogane] She’s gonna
use this for blackmail.
Someday when I’ve forgotten
all about it,
she’ll threaten to publish.
You drop that phone right now!
Aw, don’t be like that.
Hey, you too, missy.
What?! Why me?!
Yeah, why her?!
Wait.
This could still
be used for extortion,
but I’d also come out of it
with a picture of her
looking damn adorable
in cat ears.
[narrator] A balanced scale.
The weight of the benefits
and drawbacks are the same.
[groans]
If you’re gonna take it,
then do it now.
[narrator] This is something
he would never normally choose,
but the power
of cuteness compels him.
Hey, Fujiwara, can‐‐
can you take it in 4K?
Oh, sure thing.
The closer I get to her,
the cuter she looks.
If I get any more tense,
I’ll turn to stone!
Those look
so unbelievably good on him.
But the corners of my mouth
need to behave.
Uh, here’s an idea.
Let’s go for cheerful smiles?
‐ [both] No can do.
‐ [shrieks]
I want to see
this widdle kiddy even cwoser.
I want to burn this image
into my brain.
Why are you glaring
at each other?!
If you’re gonna fight,
then that’s it!
No more cat ears!
[piano ballad playing]
[both gasp]
What was I doing
acting like that?
It was almost
as if I were possessed.
I think I’m traumatized.
[cat meows]
[all] Cat ears are scary.
[narrator] Results
for today’s battle,
Fujiwara loses.
Me‐ouch.
[hisses]
The welcome party is officially
scheduled for next Monday.
Okay, so aside from setup,
we still need sweets
for party favors.
And that sounds
like a two‐person job.
But we’ll need more than sweets.
And whatever we get,
we’ll need enough
for everyone in attendance.
Which means shopping
on our off day.
Talk about a pain
in the you‐know‐what.
It’s like the king of all drags.
I know that I
wouldn’t want to do that.
W‐Would you, Shinomiya?
Well, not really.
Hmm. Man, that’s a real problem
if no one wants to do it.
Yes, but it has to be done
nonetheless.
I know. How about we all
play a game together
and the losers have to go?
[both] A game?
Yeah!
It’s called forbidden word!
[narrator] Ah, yes,
the forbidden word game.
’Kay, let’s do a practice run.
You start by writing down a word
on a piece of paper
and then passing it.
Hold it so we can see it,
but you can’t.
Nicely done, President.
That’s your forbidden word.
I get it.
So I won’t know the word,
but you two will.
Should be easy.
‐ Gotcha!
‐ Hmm?
‐ Okay, now let’s play for real.
‐ [sputters]
So we pass these to the right?
Well, in that case...
I should write a word Fujiwara
would be likely to say.
But the two losers are
the ones going shopping.
Guys provide the muscle,
carry the bags,
and Shinomiya knows more
about traditional sweets
than any of us.
We make
the most efficient team.
So I need to let Fujiwara win
and make sure Shinomiya loses.
Fujiwara wouldn’t say this
in a million years.
Game, set, match.
’Kay! I’m ready when you are.
‐ [beat playing]
‐ ♪ Boom, chika chika, boom ♪
♪ Chika chika, boom ♪
♪ Boom boom, wikki wah ♪
♪ Boom boom,
wikki wah, boom boom ♪
Why don’t we get
this party started, yo!
‐ ♪ Boom, tssh... ♪
‐ What’s wrong with you?
♪ Boom, tssh ♪
♪ I know you picked a word
that I’m usin’ all the time ♪
♪ So I thought
I’d change it up ♪
♪ And start
bustin’ out some rhymes ♪
♪ Think you got my number,
well, I’m onto your scheme ♪
♪ The only place you’re
beatin’ me is in your dreams ♪
[chuckles]
Oh.
She thinks I predicted
this would happen.
‐ Yo, yo... ♪
‐ Crap!
She’s gonna say,
"Check it out," any second.
♪ Yo, you better not say it
if you actually know ♪
♪ Say ho! ♪
[beat stops]
‐ [beat resumes]
‐ ♪ Say ho! ♪
[beat stops]
‐ [beat slows]
‐ ♪ Say ho... ♪
[beat stops]
[chuckles]
Oh, come on!
[narrator] In this game,
keeping your mouth shut
may be a coward’s strategy,
but it works.
Say hey?
Say yay?
‐ Shinomiya.
‐ Say nay. Eh?
That’s not how
the game’s played, you know.
You have to respond when someone
initiates a conversation.
Fine. I’ll talk...
since you insist.
[narrator]
A game of manipulation.
The players must put themselves
in the shoes of their opponents
and make them say
their forbidden words,
but they must also keep in mind
their opponents
are doing the same thing.
[Shirogane] Damn it.
How am I supposed
to make her say, "Like"?
Something tells me
I lost this game
from the moment
she agreed to play it.
‐ [beatboxing]
‐ No.
If I can steer the conversation
toward something she’s fond of,
there’s a chance.
‐ Hey, Fujiwara...
‐ ♪ Boom boom, ree ♪
what’s something you dislike?
[narrator] He makes a clean pass
using a word
that’s closely tied
to the one
he’s really shooting for.
Ah. Let’s see.
What don’t I like?
Well, if I’m being
completely honest,
I’m told I can’t read
a situation to save my life.
Eh?
Though some also say
it’s a good thing,
it still cuts me
like a knife, yo.
How wickety whack is it
that they talk about their
love life and don’t include me?!
If they gave me half a chance,
then they’d see!
Her friends are
surprisingly smart.
So without ever meaning to,
I cause problems
for peeps all around me
everywhere I go.
It stinks,
and I don’t like it
one bit, yo.
Hey, listen.
[sighs]
There’s not a single soul
who thinks you’re a problem.
You can be blunt, but that’s
honestly a good thing.
Your sincerity helps
more than it hinders.
Really?
So then does that mean
you like me the way I am?
Oh. Um...
well, yes.
I do like you.
Gotcha!
[gasps]
[narrator]
A game of manipulation.
Fujiwara may act
like an airhead,
but she’s well aware of what
a caring person Kaguya is
and used that to her advantage.
Oh! How cunning!
[Shirogane] Oof.
That’s savage.
So basically everything
you just told us was a lie?
♪ Not a lie, but a bluff ♪
♪ And it was enough ♪
♪ Surprised you
fell for it, though ♪
♪ ’Cause I’m always
in the know ♪
‐ ...about love.
‐ [groans]
Now that Shinomiya’s out,
the rest should be easy.
I’ll just pretend to fall for
Fujiwara’s next ploy and lose.
This turned out perfectly,
but it feels wrong somehow.
She said it was a bluff,
but the best bluffs
have at least
some truth in them.
And if that’s the case here,
how much of it was a lie?
When she spoke
of feeling left out,
was the sadness in her eyes
just part of the act?
If there’s even a small chance
any of that was true,
then I need to change
my objective.
How can I think of myself
when I see someone hurting
right before my eyes?
This isn’t just a game.
It’s a test of my principles.
A shopping date with Shinomiya
would do wonders for Fujiwara.
To lose on purpose
and deprive her of that
is plain wrong.
Of course I’d like
to go on that date too,
but still, staying true to
my convictions takes priority.
‐ All right, Fujiwara.
‐ ♪ A‐boom ♪
Game on.
It’s time to get serious.
Gotcha!
[wails]
Hooray! I beat the president!
Yeah! Best day ever!
[narrator] It was
a game of manipulation,
one in which players utilize
what they knew about each other
to predict
their opponent’s behavior,
and Shirogane got played.
It looks like we lose.
So I guess that means
we’ll have to go
on a little shopping spree.
[narrator] Those who have
the best understanding
of their opponents
have the highest chance
of winning this game.
[sighs]
Ah, I lost.
Damn it all.
[Shinomiya] We’ll bring you
a prize for beating us.
Results for today’s battle,
brutal defeat for Shirogane.
"Check it out"?!
I don’t understand.
He said we’d talk about shopping
‐ once he got back home.
‐ Huh?
The day he bought
his new smartphone,
we exchanged email addresses
and phone numbers.
I’ve been waiting and waiting,
but I haven’t gotten so much
as a text message from him!
I was an idiot
for actually believing
that he’d reach out to me first!
[Hayasaka] "Hi, Prez.
Looking forward to tomorr‐‐"
Oh, no, you won’t!
Why? You want
to talk to him, right?
Of course I do.
But that doesn’t mean I want
to send him the first message.
All this beating
around the bush.
Lady Kaguya, is it fair to say
that you like the president?
[sighs]
Yes, I suppose.
Somewhere down the road,
I developed feelings for him.
Okay.
Then again, the only reason
I’m interested in him
is because he possesses
several qualities which I lack.
Yeah, that’s all it is.
It isn’t really
a romantic thing.
Oh. Then would you mind
if he dated that secretary girl?
‐ [chair creaking]
‐ [groaning]
I thought as much.
It’s not like that.
I just don’t want him
to take Fujiwara away from me,
because she’s one of
the dearest friends I have.
‐ [buzzes]
‐ [gasps]
Hmm.
[gasps]
What was that
about "dear friends"?
I know you don’t want
to text him,
but you’re clearly worried.
So try calling him instead.
Huh? You want me to what?
He’s probably expecting
a text message.
Call. It’s an attack
that’ll catch him off guard.
Calling would be like an attack?
Like an ambush, specifically.
And before you start
overthinking things‐‐
Ah, there he is.
Here. I did the hard part.
‐ [line ringing]
‐ [gasps]
I’m not mentally prepared,
though.
[man] Hello.
Uh, hello. It’s Shinomiya.
Your voice sounds strange.
Because I’m not Miyuki.
I’m his dad.
‐ [shrieks]
‐ [tense sting music playing]
Oh. Um, is the president‐‐
I mean, is Shirogane around?
You realize
that’s my name too.
Right. I’m so sorry.
Is Miyuki there?
Yeah.
Why didn’t you ask before?
‐ Uh...
‐ Miyuki!
There’s a girl on the phone
wants to talk to you!
[sister] Girls actually
have your number?
[Shirogane] Wait.
You answered my phone for me?
It’s fine. Just give it here.
[whimpers]
[sighs] Hello.
Hey, it’s Shinomiya.
Oh. What’s up?
I was calling to see
if you had a plan
figured out for tomorrow.
Would this be
a good time to talk?
Sure. I’m in the bath,
but it’s fine.
The bath?!
That means he doesn’t
have any clothes on.
Just picture it.
Right now you’re talking
to a man who’s buck naked.
Oh, I’ll just
call you back, then.
‐ Oh, you don’t need to.
‐ [woman vocalizing]
My phone’s waterproof,
so talk away.
That’s not really the issue.
Why don’t we meet
by Hachiko’s statue at 11:00?
‐ Okay.
‐ We’ll buy the sweets
and then go to Hands.
Sound good to you?
Yeah, that’ll be fine.
Cool. Guess I’ll
see you tomorrow.
Guess so.
‐ Oh, and‐‐
‐ [hangs up]
[vocalizing stops]
Wait! What?!
What was he about to tell me?!
‐ [vocalizing resumes]
‐ [muffled shriek]
I’m going to sleep.
‐ [buzzes]
‐ Eh? [gasps]
He texted you first.
Nicely done.
[narrator] Results
for today’s battle,
Kaguya wins.
I checked the news.
Shibuya Station’s flooded.
‐ I’m going.
‐ Huh?
He’s there, waiting for me.
I have to go! [crying]
He’s not. You’re delusional.
She cancelled.
But this is the first text
she sent me ever.
I’ll consider that
a win for today.
Good thing
my phone’s waterproof.
‐ [students chatting]
‐ [chamber music playing]
That was close.
Good work, student council team.
Thank you. Next time,
I’d appreciate a little more
of a heads‐up, though.
Of course! No problem!
But for now, relax
and enjoy the festivities.
So do you speak any French
yourself, or no?
Sort of, but honestly
I’m not the best at it.
‐ Can you?
‐ [chuckles]
Bonjour, mademoiselle.
Je m’appelle Miyuki Shirogane.
Oh. I’d expect nothing less.
I picked up a few things
from a phrase book.
Pays to be prepared.
‐ Bonjour.
‐ Eh?
Merci beaucoup pour
votre invitation aujourd’hui.
Oh. Uh, oui.
C’est nous qui vous remercions,
d’etre venus d’aussi loin.
Nous ferons tout notre possible
pour que vous gardez
un souvenir durant
votre sejour parmi nous.
Je vous remercie.
What a liar!
[Fujiwara] Je suis le secrétaire
du conseil des étudiants
dans cette école.
Hey! Since when you are
fluent in French?
Well, my mother is
a former diplomat.
She crammed as many languages
into my head
as she could when I was a kid.
Oh, no.
Am I the only person here
who isn’t totally fluent?!
[narrator] Yeah,
looks that way, bud.
I’m the only person here
who doesn’t speak French,
and if it gets out...
[boy] What? The Japanese
student council president
can’t speak French?
[girl] Why would they
elect somebody so dumb?
[laughing]
[Shirogane gasps]
Comme c’est mignon.
This stress isn’t good
for my heart.
Shirogane, why do you think
I asked you to prepare
an extravagant event like this
so last‐minute?
I must determine
what kind of leader you are
and whether I can entrust
the academy to you.
Brace yourself, because
the real test begins now.
Betsy.
Oui?
Don’t hold anything back.
I want to see you
tear that boy apart.
Tear him apart
with your hurtful words.
You’re sure?
[narrator] The French school’s
student council vice president,
‐ Betsy Beltoise.
‐ [chuckles]
Her nickname is
the Wound‐licking Razor Blade.
None have emerged unscathed
after a verbal assault
from her sharp tongue.
‐ Bonjour.
‐ Eh?
[sighs]
Oh, hello.
[slurps]
[rapidly] Désolé, mais je...
[narrator]
Betsy’s sardonic opening
hits like someone you just met
punching you in the face.
Uh, oui.
[narrator] She follows up
with a provocation
that insults him, his family,
and anyone
who’s ever loved him.
‐ Oui. Oui, oui.
‐ [mocking laugh]
Je vois.
[narrator] She digs in with
a character assassination
that’d make a man in his 60s
cry like a baby.
[chuckles] Exactement.
Astounding! How can he smile
in the face of that
merciless verbal onslaught?!
If it were me,
I’d be convulsing on the ground
in a pool of my own sick.
‐ Exactement.
‐ It’s almost as if
he doesn’t comprehend
a single word she says to him.
[Beltoise] It doesn’t look
like I’ve upset him
in the slightest.
No, that’s impossible.
‐ Peux‐tu m’entendre...
‐ Betsy lets loose
an even stronger barrage
of debilitating insults.
Oui, oui.
Pourquoi tu ne bronchent pas,
espéce d’idiot?
Agh...
[shudders]
What was that?
Speak up.
‐ [gasping]
‐ Or perhaps in French,
so there are
no misunderstandings.
[gasps]
[echoing]
Tu as fumé la moquette?
Si vous voulez
parler des meres,
parlons de la ladeur
de la vôtre.
Oh, c’est vrai.
Elle t’a abandonné
quand tu avais trois ans...
Kaguya launches
an assault so extreme,
it violates broadcasting laws.
Je teviderais comme un poisson.
Je vais te tuer...
[Beltoise] Du cristal!
You good?
Oh! You were listening?
Don’t misunderstand, okay?
That girl, she’s from hell!
I’m sorry, dear.
But she can’t hurt you now.
Japanese high‐school girls
are scary.
Why’d I do that?
[narrator] Exhibition match:
the Japanese school wins.
Eh?
Well, have you lost
all respect for me?
What I said,
it was crass and horrible.
I reverted to my old
cruel self so easily.
Look, I barely know any French.
Emphasis on the "barely."
So whatever you told that woman,
it flew right over my head.
But I know she was
bad‐mouthing me,
and I know you stopped her.
So thank you.
‐ President.
‐ Hmm?
There’s something else
I’d like to say before you go.
[no audible dialogue]
That’s all. [chuckles]
Hmm?
Hold on. What did you say?
Who knows?
Don’t just leave me hanging
like that.
Now I’m curious!
[Shinomiya] Sorry.
It’s a secret.
Was it in French or...
[narrator] Results
for today’s battle,
they both win.
‐ [Shirogane] Yiddish?
‐ No.
‐ Finnish?!
[Japanese music playing]